Based on your experience during the Visual Anthropology project, how effectively did the organization fulfill its values based on the artifacts your group identified? How does that contribute to the organization’s ethical climate? 
The George Herbert Walker School of Business & Technology does a pretty good job fulfilling its values based on what we identified as a group. Their mission and values are stated below:
Mission Statement: To prepare students for career success in an increasingly globally integrated business and technological economy utilizing a student-centered, real-world approach.
Values: Respect, Knowledge, Potential, Diversity and Inclusion, Global Perspectives
The artifacts that we documented showcased a lot of the student-centered focus. The ethical climate is affected in a positive way because students feel that they have access to valuable resources, and that they can rest assured that Walker School has their best interests in mind.

Describe your personal ethical dilemma and how you applied the decision-making model to your situation, including the relevant Kitchener principles. If you are faced with this dilemma again, describe another way you could handle it that also feels ethical based on the theories discussed in class. 
The ethical dilemma that I had took place during the Annual Potluck Iftar. The buffet was supposed to remain closed till the time of Iftar (breaking the fast). The Vice president and a volunteer sneakily opened a tray of food to keep a box for themselves because food was going to run out, and they were hungry since they were fasting the whole day. Seeing this, the guests thought that it was time to eat and lined up at the buffet table. The main organizer noticed this early lining up and got enraged because people were focused on getting food and not listening to the Adhan (call to prayer). He demanded that a serious conversation was needed to address the situation after the event.
On one hand, respecting the autonomy of the volunteers as they were just trying to get food for themselves after a long day. On the other hand, being faithful to the head organizer who has arranged this event for 13 years and needs everything planned to a tee.
I ended up having a conversation with the vice president since it was her responsibility. I had a chat with the organizer to cool his head down.
After learning about the Kitchener principles, I would probably make the same decision. However, the principles give me more clarity as to why my decision makes sense. I arranged for a tray of food for volunteers, and will do so next time too, so that would ensure being just and fair for all. This would ensure that volunteers are not worrying about food running out and them remaining hungry. This move would be faithful towards the volunteers and the organizer, and it would benefit all attendees as the event will flow more smoothly.

The reading describes several situational variables that may influence your ability to act ethically. What is one variable that prevented you from making ethical decisions in the past? Based on the things we discussed in class, how might you combat this in the future? 
We discussed the pressure of time during decision-making. I feel like time-sensitive pressure always affects how clearly we think about situations. I plan to combat this in the future by taking a moment to think about Kitchener principles, and the different tests(test if mom would like it, test if you would like it if it was on the front page etc.)
